---
title: terms
---
<!--StartFragment-->

Please use this Website only after you read carefully and agree to the following Terms of Use. In addition, please note that World of Defish Ltd. ("WOD") may change the Terms of Use, so you are requested to read and agree to the Terms of Use each time before you use this Website. 

# Ownership and Use of Copyrights

 WOD owns and operates this website. All copyrights and other proprietary rights in and to this Website shall belong to WOD or its licensors. Unless expressly provided separately, the copying, modification, distribution, republication, reproduction or any other use of any content posted on this website, or of any copyrighted property of WOD or its group companies (collectively "WOD Group"), including image, video, music, voice, and text data, is not permitted without WOD' prior written approval. Precaution concerning Use of Copyrighted Materials on the Internet While the reproduction of copyrighted materials for private use is recognized by the Estonian Law, please note that the "private use" is defined as "personal and family use, or other similar uses within a limited circle." Using copyrighted works on the Internet does not fall within the "private use" even if they are used on an individual's homepage for non-profit purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, restricting access to the homepage by implementing an ID or password function also does not make the use as "private use." Link Policy and Link Site In principle, links to this Website may be made without permission. However, links from the following pages are prohibited: - that WOD deems inappropriate; - that are defamatory of WOD Group or their products; - that infringe intellectual property rights of the WOD Group or any third party; - that include direct links to files such as images and videos in the Website; and - that displays the content of this Website as if they are part of the linked pages (such as links that insert content into separate frames). Content on websites ("Link Sites") that are linked to or from this Website are, unless specifically stated otherwise, administered by third parties, and are not under the control of WOD. Any links shall not be deemed to imply special relationships, such as alliances, betweenWOD and the Link Site. WOD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONTENTS OF A LINK SITE OR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE LINK SITE. Cookies Cookies are widely used to allow websites and services to function efficiently. A "cookie" is a small text file that (depending on your browser settings) is deposited on your computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device when you visit a website. The cookie may be sent back to that website when you visit again, and may then be used by the server to identify and track your use of the website or services. The cookie does not contain any information that, in itself, personally identifies you and does not provide WOD with access to the rest of your device. This Website uses a "session cookie". Session cookie is a temporary cookie that only remains in the cookie file of your browser or device until you leave this Website. WOD uses cookies to customize and personalize your experience of the Website and to compile anonymous statistics about the use of the Website. Third Party Cookies This Website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Website. The information generated by Google's cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) is anonymous and will be sent to Google and held on Google's servers in the USA in accordance with Google's privacy policy (available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). Please note that Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. DISCLAIMER ALTHOUGH WOD PAYS THE CLOSEST ATTENTION TO ALL ASPECTS OF INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS WEBSITE,WOD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCORRECT INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE, AND ANY PROBLEMS RESULTING FROM THE DOWNLOADING OF DATA FROM THIS WEBSITE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE APPLICABLE LAW. ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMER CONCERNING INVESTOR RELATIONS The content on this Website may include information based upon plans, strategies or forecasts for WOD and its subsidiaries. Such plans, strategies and forecasts are made using the best information available to management at the time of their conception. Nevertheless, conclusions with respect to the valuation of the Group and its results should not be drawn solely from this information. Also, the information on this Website is not intended as a solicitation to make investments. Please make any such investment decisions based on your own judgment. Data Protection Any personal information that you provide by visiting this Website will be administered by the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully and do not provide your personal information to WOD if you do not agree to the terms thereof. Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction Use of this Website and the Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Estonia unless otherwise expressly provided. All disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or relating to the Website and the Terms and Use shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Estonia District Court as the court of first instance unless otherwise expressly provided. In addition, the Terms of Use in the Estonian version shall be controlled even if the Terms of Use is translated into other languages.

<!--EndFragment-->