content/blog/2022-10-20-meet-harbor-mechanics-in-world-of-defish.md, before:

---
title: "Meet Harbor mechanics in World of Defish "
date: 2022-07-06T10:54:13.932Z
shot_description: With the Harbor you can move your catch from off-chain to blockchain.
image: /img/1_ulfe83tsolg6tj-30ivwgg-2x.png
tab: world of defish
post_type: updates
description: >-
  What’s this game mechanics about?

  With the Harbor you can move your catch from off-chain to blockchain. Namely: fish, materials and WOD. The Harbor works in the same way as the Defish Portal, but It’s intended for other items.
---
<!--StartFragment-->

## **What’s this game mechanics about?**

With the Harbor you can move your catch from off-chain to blockchain. Namely: fish, materials and WOD. The Harbor works in the same way as the Defish Portal, but It’s intended for other items.

## **Why didn’t we combine the Harbor with the Defish Portal?**

This is due to technical costs. You will need to conduct separate transactions for different types of items: for materials, fish and WOD. In the future, we will combine this into one transaction.

## **Pay attention!**

To use fish as bait you need: move it to the blockchain, return to the off-chain again and then start fishing with a bait.

<!--EndFragment-->

Commit message:

Update Blog “2022-10-20-meet-harbor-mechanics-in-world-of-defish”

content/blog/2022-10-20-meet-harbor-mechanics-in-world-of-defish.md, after:

---
title: Off-chain mechanics guide
date: 2022-07-06T10:54:13.932Z
shot_description: "In order to play smoothly, you need to know a few things about off-chain. "
image: /img/1_ulfe83tsolg6tj-30ivwgg-2x.png
tab: world of defish
post_type: updates
description: In order to play smoothly, you need to know a few things about
  off-chain. In this article we will tell you about the transferred mechanics on
  the off-chain, the mechanics that function on the blockchain and what you
  should pay attention to.
---
<!--StartFragment-->

First, your items will be divided for off-chain and blockchain operation. As you know, fishing session moved to off-chain. This means that you can start a fishing session only with those items that you have transferred to off-chain using the Defish Portal.

# **D﻿efish Portal**

Items left on the blockchain ***cannot*** be used during fishing.

In addition, you can upgrade items that are on off-chain. But this action ***so far*** requires gas fee payment.

Also, you can transfer items from off-chain to blockchain and vice versa. At any time and without restrictions.

Fish, materials, and WOD you’ve caught will be on the minting blockchain. How fish and materials catching will take place, we will tell in the following posts.

# **H﻿arbour**

With the Harbor you can move your catch from off-chain to blockchain. Namely: fish, materials and WOD. The Harbor works in the same way as the Defish Portal, but It’s intended for other items.

## **Pay attention!**

To use fish as bait you need: move it to the blockchain, return to the off-chain again and then start fishing with a bait.

<!--EndFragment-->
